Revision history...

1.01  Added beginblock and endblock statements to provide better alternative for
      cleaning up the output (i.e., dealing with the interleave of AAC statements
	  and output code) than turning off all aac lines.  The new statements delay the
	  display of output code so that all of the generated code that corresponds
	  to a block of aac lines is output contiguously when the endblock statement
	  is reached.  Much prettier output.
	  
	  Also fixed a problem that made it impossible to say:  call #routine
	  AAC was objecting to the #
	  
1.00  Made a simple optimization: eliminated the "fall through guard jump" in "case" and 
      "if" statements when the preceding opcode was a jmp.  This eliminates redundant jumps
	  in the code generated.
	  
0.99  Fixed: could not have more than one case statement (count of "otherwise" was 
             not being updated so AAC was generating erroneous messages about the use
			 of otherwise

0.98  Fixed: a void subroutine with no parameters was causing an exception
      Fixed: a subroutine call with empty parameters was giving an error message
      Fixed: in AACclient, if you tried to create a file by enabling edits, it wasn't
             possible to write either the source or the output file.

0.97  Now processes "tagged" lines only if they are in a DAT block.

0.96  Fixed bug in case statement that was allowing "fall-through" into "otherwise"

0.95  Added a labeled fit statement (emitted when finishCodeSection is used) that makes
      it easy to see how much cog memory has been used.  The manual has been updated to
      show this feature.

0.94  Fixed a bug that kept "write" disabled unless you followed a specific use pattern.
      Added a sample file to the distribution.
      Add a revision history to the distribution
      Updated the Quick Start topic in the manual to refer to the new sample file.

0.93  Eliminated the Windows One-Click Publishing distribution.  Now we distribute
      with a zip file containing AAClient.exe and the .chm manual.  This better
      accomodates the Linux/Mac community.

0.92  Changed comments on emitted code to use single quote  (EOL quote) rather than curly
      brackets.  PASD was getting a little confused by the use of { or } that was
      not in column 1.

0.91  Beta release